Mom if so
She's your daughter?
What about me?
Who Am I?
Your Lu family is about to return to the city
There are four brothers in the field
son preference
They wouldn't let me go to school.
Few unsatisfactory answers
Ah hey
When these two little pigs grow up
Another litter of piglets
College tuition is coming down
Get out of the way, you two stinky little pigs
Not my parents at all
I'm going to find my real parents
Hey, you little girl
My mother suffered too much grievance in the Lu family
It doesn't matter.
As long as I can find my parents
What are these pants?
Why is that?
You, you, get out of here
Is it all because of you, a mean woman?
You scumbag
Why tease An An's life?